hello my name is lindsay on behalf of
expertvillage.com in this clip i'm going
to be showing you how to show the tabs
together first you're going to take your
tab and you're going to fold it
lengthwise and you're going to sew the
edge of it right here and you can put
the straight pins so it holds it
together and since the width was three
inches this should be one and a half
since it's in half so we're going to sew
this down
[Music]
and now that we've done that we're going
to turn it inside out or this was inside
we're going to turn it right side out
you just open where the hole is and you
just push it through with your fingers
and with it being like this this way you
won't see the seam we just made and now
we're going to fold it in half
lengthwise so you'll have a skinny panel
and make sure that you make these two
ends meet also you're going to sell
those down and now we have one tab top